Cluster (#2)
NETWAYS/ansible-role-redis-cluster: README.md

# ansible-role-redis-cluster
**Under Testing nearly done to be used in production**

[![CI](https://github.com/netways/ansible-role-redis-cluster/workflows/Molecule%20Test/badge.svg?event=push)](https://github.com/netways/ansible-role-redis-cluster/workflows/Molecule%20Test/badge.svg)

This role will install one to  x redis instances on one to x hosts as either standalone or cluster.

SELinux will be managed if it is enabled.

The current version is tested on rocky 8.

> You can use the [ca role](https://github.com/NETWAYS/ansible-role-ca), if you want to use self singed certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [ca role](https://github.com/NETWAYS/ansible-role-ca), if you want to create a local CA and use its certificates.
```

## Requirements ##

* policycoreutils-python-utils if SELinux is enabled.

## Variables ##

> * `manage_dnf_module`: Should the corresponding dnf module enabled? (default: `true`)

Reviewer: Is this a redis specific variable? If it's not to be used in more than one role, please stick to the naming scheme and prefix it wit the name of the role.

* `redis_version`: Redis version to be installed (default: `6`)

> * `kernel_virtual_memory`: If you want to disable the kernel virtual memory, set the value to 1 (default: `undefined, the system default will be used`)

Reviewer: Is this a redis specific variable? If it's not to be used in more than one role, please stick to the naming scheme and prefix it wit the name of the role.

> * `transparent_hugepages_value`: Manage THP, availible values are `always`, `madvise` or `never` (default: `undefined, the system default will be used`)

Reviewer: Is this a redis specific variable? If it's not to be used in more than one role, please stick to the naming scheme and prefix it wit the name of the role.

  * `redis_tls_ca_cert_file`: Path to CA file (default: `undefined`, recommendation: `/etc/redis/redis_certificates/ca.crt`)
  * `redis_tls_auth_clients`: If `no` is specified, client certificates are not required and not accepted. If `optional` is specified, client certificates are accepted and must be valid if provided, but are not required. (default: `undefined`)
  * `redis_tls_cluster`: If to enable TLS for the cluster bus protocol (default: `undefined`)
  * `redis_tls_replication`: Let replica to establish a TLS connection with its master (default: `undefined`)
  * `redis_includes`: Include one or more other standard config files (default: `undefined`)
  * `redis_loadmodule`: Load modules at startup. If the server is not able to load modules, it will abort. It is possible to use multiple loadmodule directives (default: `undefined`)
  * `redis_extra_config`: Set your configuration lines to the end of redis configuration file, for example:
    ```yaml redis_extra_config:
    - repl-diskless-sync no
    - repl-diskless-sync-delay 5
    - repl-diskless-load disabled
    ```
## Example Playbook ##

```yaml
---
- hosts: redis
  become: yes
  roles:
    - redis_cluster

> ```

Reviewer: Will this role run without any variables set? If yes, then: greta. If not, please add the minimum of variables to the playbook.

Reviewer: As seen in https://github.com/NETWAYS/ansible-role-redis-cluster/pull/2/files#diff-b1d26d8e66ae986086a4d667f0b0bab5f3365cfe0a394be4ae68bb1d5ed200b1R9-R10 , the role runs without any mandatory variables being set. So yes, that's great.
